sister
Tell me honestly, sister
Explain what?
Can't I make my mom miss you?
Just one day.
You will definitely make your parents angry and come out to avoid trouble
Go back tomorrow
Hmm sister
How about a week?
I didn't even go on a graduation trip for a week
Just wanted to visit you and Nini's sister
The students are gone
Just the one.
Don't know where to go
Please, please.
Just keep me for a few more days
Okay, I really can't help you.
But behave yourself at home
How old are you?
Why are you acting like a child? Eat it
Oh, I'm thirsty.
Pour me a glass of juice
Ok, wait a minute.
Grab another bag of chips by the way
Original. Okay.
Why did you come up with such persistence?
Didn't you just hear me if I was original?
This is the only one at home.
No, won't you buy it?
Why are you standing here to buy?
I never thought of that.
My unruly sister
And he gave me a bad breath